Newprocessors (#121)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/workflows.md

Optionally, you can start off your workflow by enhancing your images, which can be vital for the following binarization. In this processing step,
the raw image is taken and enhanced by e.g. grayscale conversion, brightness normalization, noise filtering, etc.  

> **Note:** `ocrd-image-preprocess` converts or enhances images and can thereby replace some processors described in the following workflow steps

Reviewer: `ocrd-image-preprocess` can be used to run arbitrary preprocessing commands on images or AlernativeImages and can be seen as a generic replacement for many of the following workflow steps, provided a matching external tool exists.

      <td>for `output-options` see [IM Documentation](https://imagemagick.org/script/command-line-options.php)</td>
      <td><code>ocrd-im6convert -I OCR-D-IMG -O OCR-D-ENH -p'{"output-format": "image/tiff"}'</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>ocrd-image-preprocess</td>
      <td>
      <p><code><pre>
{
  "output_feature_added": e.g. "binarized"
}
      </pre></code></p>
      <p><code>

> {"command": ""scribo-cli sauvola-ms-split '@INFILE' '@OUTFILE'"}

Reviewer: Double ""

      </td>
      <td>Recommended</td>
      <td><code>ocrd-olena-binarize -I OCR-D-CROP -O OCR-D-BIN2 -p'{"impl": "sauvola-ms-split"}'</code></td>
    </tr>
	<tr>
      <td>ocrd-skimage-binarize</td>
      <td>
	  </td>
      <td>
	  </td>

>       <td><code>ocrd-skimage-binarize -I OCR-D-IMG -O OCR-D-BIN</code></td>

Author: why do I need the parameter in this case? Isn't sauvola the default value anyway?

>       <td><code>ocrd-skimage-binarize -I OCR-D-IMG -O OCR-D-BIN</code></td>

Reviewer 2: It is. I thought the usage of parameters here was more for illustrative purposes than actual necessities (which are hard to get right anyway)...

>       <td><code>ocrd-skimage-binarize -I OCR-D-IMG -O OCR-D-BIN</code></td>

Author: ok, I see. At least I try just to use parameters which are actually required by a processor. Otherwise it would get even more confusing and complex. And we wanted this workflow page to just give a relatively easy and short overwiew for OCR-D-beginners...

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
   <tr>
      <td>ocrd-cis-ocropy-deskew</td>

>       <td><code>{“level-of-operation”:”page”}</code></td>

Reviewer: typographic double quotes?

      <td>ocrd-skimage-binarize</td>
      <td>
	  <p><code>
{"level-of-operation": "region",
"input_feature_filter": "binarized",
  "output_feature_added": "binarized",
  "command": "scribo-cli sauvola-ms-split '@INFILE' '@OUTFILE' --enable-negate-output"
  }
      </code></p>	
	  </td>
      <td>
	  </td>
      <td><code>
	  ocrd-preprocess-image -I OCR-D-IMG -O OCR-D-PREP -p '{"level-of-operation": "region","output_feature_added": "binarized","command": "scribo-cli sauvola-ms-split '@INFILE' '@OUTFILE' --enable-negate-output"}'
	  </code></td>

> 	  </td>

Reviewer 2: Looks like these lines are in the wrong place. They should be in the `tr` that belongs to `ocrd-preprocess-image` below (which still uses `ocrd-tesserocr-binarize` as example).

  </tbody>
</table>

## Generic Data Management (Optional)

OCR-D produces PAGE XML files which contain the recognized text as well as detailed
information on the structure of the processed pages, the coordinates of the recognized

> elements etc. Optionally, the output can be converted, changed or dummy output can be generated. 

Reviewer: <del>or dummy output can be generated</del> <ins>files can be copied with the `ocrd-dummy` processor</ins>

### Step 18: Adaptation of Coordinates
Some processors change the original image by e.g. scaling, deskewing or cropping it and produce alternative images, whose coordinates differ

> from the original images. Nevertheless, all output from the OCR-D-Processors sticks to the coordinates of the original images. If you want to 

Reviewer: <del>Nevertheless, all output from the OCR-D-Processors sticks to the coordinates of the original images.</del> <ins>However, OCR-D processors adhere to the coordinates of the original image</ins>

> visualize the output with the produced alternative images, the coordinates have to be re-calculated accordingly.

Reviewer: To work with these alternative images, such as visualizing them in a GUI, the coordinates have to be translated from the original image.

Reviewer: However, what the `ocrd-segment-replace-orignal` processor mainly does is exchange the original (`@filename`) image with one of the AlternativeImages' `@imageFilename`. The coordinate translation is a consequence from that behavior. Maybe we should stress that here.

> ### Step 18: Adaptation of Coordinates
> Some processors change the original image by e.g. scaling, deskewing or cropping it and produce alternative images, whose coordinates differ
> from the original images. Nevertheless, all output from the OCR-D-Processors sticks to the coordinates of the original images. If you want to 
> visualize the output with the produced alternative images, the coordinates have to be re-calculated accordingly.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if that's really worth an extra section – it could well be subsumed under _format conversion_

```suggestion
### Step 18: Adaptation of Coordinates
All OCR-D processors are required to relate coordinates to the original image for each page, and to keep the original image reference (`Page/@imageFilename`). However, sometimes it may be necessary to deviate from that strict requirement in order to get the overall workflow to work. 

For example, if you have a page-level dewarping step, it is currently impossible to correctly relate to the original image's coordinates for any segments annotated after that, because there is no descriptive annotation of the underlying coordinate transform in PAGE-XML. Therefore, it is better to _replace the original image_ of the output PAGE-XML by the dewarped image before proceeding with the workflow. If the dewarped image has also been cropped or deskewed, then of course all existing coordinates are re-calculated accordingly as well.

Another use case is exporting PAGE-XML for tools that cannot apply cropping or deskewing, like [LAREX](https://github.com/OCR4all/LAREX) or Transkribus.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure whether this statement is correct for Transkribus BTW

  </tbody>
</table>

## Generic Data Management (Optional)

OCR-D produces PAGE XML files which contain the recognized text as well as detailed
information on the structure of the processed pages, the coordinates of the recognized
elements etc. Optionally, the output can be converted to other formats, or copied verbatim (re-generating PAGE-XML)

### Step 18: Adaptation of Coordinates
Some processors change the original image by e.g. scaling, deskewing or cropping it and produce alternative images, whose coordinates differ
from the original images. However, OCR-D processors adhere to the coordinates of the original image. To work with these alternative images,
such as visualizing them in a GUI, the coordinates have to be translated from the original image. `ocrd-segment-repair` exchanges the original

> (`@filename`) image with one of the alternative images\` <code>@imageFilename</code> and thereby translates the coordinates.

Reviewer: `<code>` => `` ` `` ?

### Step 18: Adaptation of Coordinates
Some processors change the original image by e.g. scaling, deskewing or cropping it and produce alternative images, whose coordinates differ
from the original images. However, OCR-D processors adhere to the coordinates of the original image. To work with these alternative images,
such as visualizing them in a GUI, the coordinates have to be translated from the original image. `ocrd-segment-repair` exchanges the original

> (`@filename`) image with one of the alternative images\` <code>@imageFilename</code> and thereby translates the coordinates.

Reviewer 2: That's not what I [suggested](https://github.com/OCR-D/ocrd-website/pull/121#discussion_r451735509).

Also, it's more incorrect than before (`ocrd-segment-repair` does nothing of the kind)...

Author: I now combined your's and @kba 's suggestion. Hopefully it's correct and understandable now

Reviewer: LGTM now.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, but I still cannot give my blessing for that paragraph. It's simply not true that 
> Some processors change the original image

or at least a very confusing choice of words. And if all this paragraph is good for is motivating the next one (on `ocrd-segment-replace-original`), then why not take my suggestion as it is?

Reviewer 2: Oh no, already merged...

Reviewer: Fear not, easily remedied in master.

Reviewer: done

Reviewer 2: > Fear not, easily remedied in master.

It's a complicated subject, so yes, let's open a dedicated PR for how to attack this in the documentation. (Picture might also change soon when we finally get some actual page-level dewarping...)

Reviewer 2: > done

I'm too slow today I guess

Reviewer 2: anyway, thx @kba @EEngl52 !

Reviewer: We will need to update it soon again, probably but one of the issues adressed here is to list `anybaseocr` processors last, that was pressing because we made the impression that we endorsed it because they were listed first in their resp. categories.

      </pre></code>
      </td>
      <td>&nbsp;</td>
      <td><code>ocrd-pagetopdf -I PAGE-FILEGRP -O PDF-FILEGRP -p '{"textequiv_level" : "word"}'</code></td>
    </tr>

</tbody>
</table>

> ### Step 20: Dummy Processing

Reviewer 2: As mentioned above, not sure if this warrants an extra section. If you do make this a topic, please also explain that this is not merely a verbatim copy, but the PAGE-XML gets **re-generated** from the current namespace schema/model.
